hey everyone tell you busier coming at
you with another video of the new
snapping turtle temporary in closer I
just thought it was nicer than the
10-gallon tank I had him in earlier this
is a hundred and six quart tub I just
took this sticker off the back and I put
it on the front door socket show you
guys that and so I'm taking it off um
let's start off with some footage I have
the filter same heater temperatures are
great right where I want them around 80
degrees some driftwood some real nice
pieces of driftwood you could see this
really big piece got the two old pieces
right here and there snapping turtle
he's showing I don't know if you could
see him but he's right there in the
water let's see if I could do a zoom in
that let me show you that's his head
right there that thing that's his head
I'm just showing you some cool stuff I
got to plug goes in here and he hasn't
messed with that but I have no idea
where they are they're they're cleaning
the tank and shit eating the algae pond
they're just eating some stuff I got the
UVB sitting on top this is just a
temporary I'm gonna probably get him the
40 gallon turtle tank in the next couple
days because I mean even though I like
tubs more they're like they just look
nicer and I mean I don't know my friends
and family think it looks out of place
they they like the glass setups more and
all that so you got to please the family
you know so i'll be getting him a any
glass 40 gallon turtle whatever thing on
we'll see got the two pleasant here
there were 12 meadows in here last night
and they're nowhere to be seen so that
means he hate them I think I saw one
earlier which means I haven't seen any
dead ones when I changed him into this
tank so I think he ate all of them they
ate about 10 Meadows which is pretty
cool this was covered in ghost shrimp
okay like well over 30 ghost shrimp
nowhere to be seen okay
so maybe you do need all of them maybe
some of them are hiding shit but I mean
I'm sure I would have seen a bunch of
ghost shrimp had he not eaten any of
them so he's doing real good and I don't
want to take him out right now because
it'll disturb him but let's see if I
turn on the lights if you could see him
any better that's him right there he's
under this he's under yeah you can see
him he's doing pretty good oh yeah if
you haven't seen uromastyx video please
do check it out it's pretty cool oh yeah
okay so yeah tigi buzz out rate comment
subscribe check out the new uromastyx
video I'll do an update on so back
although helped outside work right now
actually yeah nevermind sub X asleep
okay nevermind he was out literally like
10 minutes ago where'd he go let's see
oh okay there he is all the way on the
back that's what the fuck was not
focusing okay whatever that is him right
there if you could see his colors he's
sleeping so yeah tell your buzz out rate
comment subscribe check out the
uromastyx video stay tuned for updates
vol blah blah blah and i'll probably
split the tank right here and all that
space back there about three foot will
go to the uromastyx all I might just go
straight down four foot and if they
don't need that much space and i'll be
using place and so yeah take it was out
take you buzz out officially this time
rate comment subscribe blah blah blah
stay tuned for the next video take care